Recommendations to write Java Program : 

1. Class name should be always Capitalized. e.g Employee not employee
2. variable names should be always in lowercase, if it is combination of multiple words then it should be camelCase
   
3. data members should be declared as private
4. member functions should be declared as public
5. constants should be completely in capital letters. e.g. PI
6. every member function/function should return something
7. member function should follow the concept of verb
   addNumbers
8. As far as possible method should not have void as a return type 
9. All the instance variables, while being accessed should be prefixed with keyword 'this'
10. The ideal or complete class should have : 
	a. default and parameterized constructor
	b. private data members and public member functions
	c. getters and setters for data members
	d. toString method to return the string representation of object



Constructor
1. Special method, having the exact name as that of a class 
2. Constructors are invoked implicitly when new keyword created object
3. JVM always provides you its own constructor to initiate the default values
4. You can create your own constructor to set up your own default values
5. Sequence : JVM Constructor --> Developers constructor 
6. You cannot invoke the constructor like other methods
7. constructors are of two types
	default   :no arugments. 
	overloaded:contains arguemnts, matching with the object creation arguments

	
this
1. the keyword 'this' represents current object
2. it removes the ambuiguity between the formal arguments and the datamembers
3. Invokes the other constructor for the same object 
4. You can invoke the other construtor using this(), only from the existing constructor

var-arguments
1. It take variable arguments i.e. any number or arguemnts of the same data type
2. In a single method, there can be only one var-arg
3. You can have other primitives or reference along with var-argument, but var-argument should be the last arguemnt in the method sign. 

